#serial [![GoDoc](https://godoc.org/github.com/npat-efault/serial?status.png)](https://godoc.org/github.com/npat-efault/serial)
Package serial provides a simple, high-level, system-independent interface for accessing asynchronous serial ports.

Download:
```shell
go get github.com/npat-efault/serial
```

* * *
Package serial provides a simple, high-level, system-independent
interface for accessing asynchronous serial ports. It provides
functions and methods for opening serial ports, configuring their
basic parameters (baudrate, character format, flow-control, etc.),
for reading and writing data from and to them, and for a few other
miscellaneous operations (e.g. sending a break signal, flushing the
I/O buffers). Data transfer operations support deadlines (timeouts)
and safe cancelation; a blocked read or write operation can be
safely and reliably canceled from another goroutine by closing the
port.

##Supported systems
Most unix-like systems are supported. Package serial uses package
"termios" (github.com/npat-efault/serial/termios) to supports
systems that provide the POSIX Terminal Interface for configuring
terminal devices. For data-transfer operations (Read, Write) it
uses package "poller" (github.com/npat-efault/poller) which
provides I/O operations with timeouts and safe
cancelation. Depending on the specific system, both of these
packages (termios and poller) can be compiled either to use CGo or
as pure-Go packages. See their documentation for details.

Addition of support for other systems is certainly possible, and
mostly welcome.



* * *
Automatically generated by [autoreadme](https://github.com/jimmyfrasche/autoreadme) on 2015.11.05
